HHA 552.42 Healthcare Data Visualization
Visualization Project

Scenario:
You have been assigned a new project from the Director of Clinical Informatics.  She would like you to and your team to visualize the work done in building the diabetes readmission predictive model so that the hospital can start taking corrective action and reduce the 30-day readmission rate. 

Dataset:
https://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/Diabetes+130-US+hospitals+for+years+1999-2008 

Objectives
1)	Create groups of 4 students
a.	Each group must email the professor with the students names in each group
2)	Download the data
3)	Clean the data
4)	Put the dataset into the Python program
5)	Complete the Python Project
6)	Using Tableau visualize the data that was provided for this assignment. Keeping in mind the intended audience of nurses and hospital executives present an overall view of the diabetes data set. Include demographics such as gender and age as well as the features that carry the greatest influence on readmissions. 

The intention is for each group to walk the audience through the visualization of the data in Tableau so that the audience understands the make up of the patients in the data set as well as the various features that were discovered in the other two projects that have the most influence on readmissions.

Make this visualization in Tableau an interactive dashboard so that the end user will be able to drill down as they see fit, we will publish these to Tableau Public at the end of the semester. 

A Power Point presentation will not be required for this group assignment. The presenter or presenters will present from Tableau.
a.	Everyone must participate in the project and the presentation

Presentation Audience:
Executive IT and nursing staff that have a basic understanding of informatics and healthcare data but need to know in the basic of terms how you came about your findings so that they trust what you are presenting

Special Notes:
You and your group will be presenting all 3 projects at the same time.
